 Description Manages a major operations segment or multiple operations units of a similar nature for a site, region or product line within the company's internal operations activities. Functions managed typically have high monetary exposure and risk involving the processing of large $ volumes and regulatory restrictions. Requires a working knowledge of end to end processes since decisions have significant impact affecting multiple and diverse operations and product lines. Resolves broad operational issues and coordinates activities and processes within line of business/operations segments. Identifies, analyzes and resolves complex problems related to product lines or functions, using general practices and precedents to resolve. Develops and analyzes procedures to enhance unit and/or product-related activity. Responsible for budget/expense management, reporting and forecasting for areas managed. Ensures proper communication and compliance of company and regulatory policies affecting areas managed. Awareness of SixSigma/Lean practices and change management preferred. Directly manages 4-8 associates that are typically subordinate supervisors or exempt specialists. Manages department(s) that typically have 8 - 250 associates that may cover multiple shifts/sites. Bachelor's degree or 8-10 years of Operations experience preferred, including 3-5 years supervisory experience. Qualifications Must have these skills to be minimally qualified: Thorough knowledge of deposit process, transaction services, returns and operations. Proven ability in performance management. Ability to lead, motivate and manage a team of up to 40 associates. Effective verbal and written communications. Ability to both maintain operational stability and be a change agent. Consumer/retail bank experience and customer contact experience preferred. Additional Information Job Family O-Operations Locations MA-Dorchester Travel Yes, 5 % of the Time Posting Details Unposting Date December 3, 2005 FT / PT Fulltime-Regular Hours Per Week 40.00 Shift 1st Shift Weekly Schedule Mon- Fri 8-5 
