Dentist

Job Description
The Department of Corrections is seeking a highly motivated and qualified individual for the position of Dentist at Monroe Correctional Complex (MCC) located in Monroe, WA.

The Monroe Correctional Complex (MCC) is a 2400 bed male all-custody level facility located 30 miles northeast of Seattle. The complex consists of four units; the original "reformatory", a large mental health inpatient treatment unit, a sex offender treatment unit and a minimum custody unit that also houses community corrections violators, much like a jail. Monroe is considered the hub of medical and psychiatric care for DOC. It is located close to University of Washington and Harborview Medical Center. MCC provides care for the sickest and most complicated patients in our system. 

The Dentist provides medically necessary dental services to offenders housed in Department of Corrections facilities. Under the direct supervision of the Health Care Manager I, the Dentist supports the mission of DOC through personal delivery of dental care to adult offender patients. As directed by the Health Care Authority, provides dental services to the offender population as assigned in accordance with acceptable professional standards, federal and state regulations and institution and Department of Corrections policies/procedures:
Makes oral examination of patients to determine oral health
Extracts teeth, removes cavities from teeth; prepares teeth for fillings and inserts filling material such as amalgam, plastic, gold or acrylic;
Diagnoses and treats pathological conditions; prescribes medication for treatment of diseases of dental nature; renders periodontal treatments; administers local or general anesthetic; takes and processes dental radiographs;
Constructs appliances such as dentures, partials, minor orthodontic appliances and bridgework, crowns, jackets and inlays;
Gives instruction and promotes dental care and hygiene among patients.


Doctor's degree from an accredited school of dentistry, AND two years experience in the practice of dentistry is strongly preferred.

Note: A valid Washington State license to practice dentistry is required.