Requisition Number 24394 Title Executive Assistant School / Unit Hogward Medical School Department Executive Dean for Admin. Location Winston Full Or Part Time Full-Time Salary Grade 054 Eligible for Overtime Date Posted 09/13/2005 - Duties And Responsibilities The Executive Assistant will assist the Executive Dean by managing the Executive Dean's calendar; drafting correspondence; creating presentations; researching questions and ensuring that briefing materials are available before all meetings. Responsibilities include triaging mail and directing assignments to appropriate direct reports. The Executive Assistant will coordinate, delegate and track responsibilities and initiatives among the administrative offices. The Executive Assistant will also develop and organize agendas, prepare materials based on decisions from the Dean's meetings and provide follow-up information to the Dean for subjects requiring immediate discussions with other Senior Deans, direct reports, and various constituents. The Executive Assistant will be responsible for events planning and drop-in sessions for the Office to facilitate open communication among all areas of the organization. As part of the communication process, the Executive Assistant will coordinate the performance review process for each of the Dean's direct reports and assist with performance monitoring, process appropriate bonus awards, and provide follow-up as necessary. Project Management will be a large part of responsibilities and the Executive Assistant will attend selective meetings with the Dean and her direct reports, will write up and distribute minutes and follow up with colleagues to ensure assigned tasks are completed. The Executive Assistant will also be responsible for finalizing speeches and other presentations. - Required Education, Experience and Skills BA or BS degree required plus 3-5 years of professional experience in complex academic environment is desirable. Relevant computer skills include Word, Excel and Power Point and some knowledge of Web Based Application, excellent oral and written skills are essential. A written piece will be necessary. - Additional Web Position Listing The individual must have excellent interpersonal, communication and organization skills; poise and confidence to work effectively throughout all levels of administration. The successful candidate must have excellent problem solving and organization skills, be energetic and able to handle changing priorities on a moment's notice; have the ability to respond to last-minute changes in calendar/schedule and make appropriate adjustments to work flow. The candidate should have an appreciation for organizational subtleties and a high level of discretion as the position involves confidential data. The individual must be self-directed, able to work independently and as part of a team, and have a strong sense of customer service. - Hogward University is an Affirmative Action/Equal Opportunity Employer. 
