Data AnalystApply for this positionJob DescriptionThe Data Analyst will support the Commercial Analytics Department with various strategic analyses and data requests as specified below. Responsible for weekly, monthly and ad hoc report generation and assist with secondary research analysis & market research activities.The essential functions required for the position are as follows: Provide Commercial & Marketing Management with performance analysis, weekly / monthly reports and to support business decisions. Responsible for running and distributing weekly & monthly audit reports (Excel & PowerPoint formats and if necessary in Word as well), including but not limited to Scorecards, Prescription Trends, Dollar Sales Trends, Wholesaler Inventory Trends, and Competitive Sales Force Activity. Develop weekly & monthly report formats (Excel & PowerPoint and if necessary in Word as well). Trace product and market performance on a regular basis as well as per any business needs including but not limited to co-promote activities and sales efforts. Perform Ad Hoc analyses. Maintain and Update all commercial & marketing databases. Act as liaison between Commercial Groups and Sales Operations to ensure data consistency & accuracy and assist with creation of Field Force Performance Reports. Assist with secondary research analysis as well as Forecasting. Participates in ad hoc projects by working collaboratively across product teams and other functional departments to assist with ensuring consistency of effort and high level of service. Tracks project performance and communicate status to ensure efficiency and cost effectiveness of activity. Participate as a team member utilizing knowledge, experience, and systems to recommend continuous improvement initiatives. RequirementsBA or BS in related field or equivalent work experience. Must have 1-2 year's experience in pharmaceutical or biotech. Experience with data suppliers such as IMS and Verispan a plus. Experience with forecasting and data collection methodologies a plus. General knowledge of financial analysis and pharmaceutical marketing. Ability to work in a dynamic, fast paced, multi-functional team environment. Strong interpersonal skills required. Proficiency in PC skills in a Windows-based environment required. Experience with Microstrategy a plus.To apply for one of our Marketing positions, please send your resume and cover letter, indicating position of interest to: HR AdministratorSepracor Inc.84 Waterford DriveMarlborough, MA 01752
