Principal - Ecology and Natural Resources

Job Description
Tracking Code
303931-764

Job Description

We are currently seeking a senior leader to join our Port Gamble, WA office and laboratory - a nationally and internationally recognized ecotoxicology and ecology practice. The successful candidate will have leadership and significant experience in client work and marketing/business development activities related to the U.S. Pacific Northwest (including Alaska) and elsewhere within North America in the following technical areas:
Baseline environmental assessment and impact analysis,
Ecosystem services evaluation,
Ecotoxicology and ecological risk assessment,
Environmental sampling and field surveys,
Natural resource management & damage assessment,
Restoration planning and evaluation of aquatic environments,
Sediment assessment and planning for environmental remediation,
Toxicity and bioaccumulation testing and evaluation.

Required Experience

The successful candidate is expected to have strong technical skills in assessment, management, protection, and restoration of aquatic, terrestrial, and wetland ecosystems. Expertise is desirable in aquatic (freshwater, estuarine, and marine) ecology, human health and ecological risk assessment, aquatic chemistry, chemical toxicity and stressor identification evaluations, and water-effects ratio forensics. The candidate must demonstrate technical expertise applicable to performing baseline ecological studies, habitat restoration, environmental reviews, impact assessments, and monitoring. Field experience and technical knowledge applicable to environmental sampling, biological surveys, and habitat assessments in both freshwater and marine environments is desirable.



A technical background in health assessment, environmental economics, and site remediation that compliment ecological expertise is highly desirable to support clients and marketing activities involving investigation, assessment, and remediation of contaminated sites, liability allocation, and expert support in litigation involving either ecological or human health issues. The candidate is expected to contribute to mitigation, compensation, and restoration of aquatic environments, as well as prepare and process detailed and complex ecological and environmental documents supporting finance and regulatory requirements for natural resource and infrastructure development projects.



The candidate should demonstrate experience in client-focused activities such as applied research, negotiations and consultations with regulatory agencies, and project management of complex environmental programs and/or contaminated sites; experience should include supervision of technical staff, public speaking in technical and non-technical venues, client coordination, and business proposal preparation.



Along with strong technical acumen, the candidate must be able to generate significant new and independent business through strong marketing and business development activities.
