Kid's Camp Attendant/Babysitter

Location:

The Homestead

Our employees are what make The Homestead what it is. Since 1766, they've helped us offer guests an opportunity to enjoy Southern hospitality at its best. Located in the Allegheny Mountains of Virginia, we are a four-season resort that boasts superb restaurant dining experiences, championship golf, spa, winter sports and numerous other activities ideal for families and corporate outings.

Omni Homestead's associates enjoy a dynamic and exciting work environment, comprehensive training and mentoring, along with the pride that comes from working for a company with a reputation for exceptional service. We embody a culture of respect, gratitude and empowerment day in and day out. If you are a friendly, motivated person, with a passion to serve others, the Homestead may be your perfect match.

Job Description:

The Kid's Camp Attendant/Babysitter/Counselor is dedicated to providing quality service that exceeds Guest and Member expectations. The attendant works to create guests for life, by proactively embracing service standards, adhering to safety regulations and gaining the knowledge to assist guests with any and all needs.

Responsibilities:

Give instructions to children enrolled in the program.
Lead and participate in daily activities, including but not limited to arts and crafts, swimming, bowling, hiking, ice skating, tubing.
Clean and maintain a hygienic and organized work area.
Help with daily operations of Kid's Camp, including but not limited to registration and lunch.Ensure that all closing duties are completed, e.g. locking area, turning off equipment and lights, reports.
Maintain area cleanliness & appearance.
Assist with payroll & scheduling as needed.
Ensure that all closing procedures are carried out correctly.
Qualifications:

Childcare experience preferred.
Must be able to lift 40 pounds
Must be able to stay outdoors in heat for extended periods of time.
Must be able to stand and walk for the full shift.