Teacher

Carrwood is a highly inclusive and welcoming school at the heart of its community. The governors of this successful and expanding school wish to appoint dynamic, enthusiastic and dedicated candidates to the following posts.

MPS 1 to MPS 6 depending on experience, required for September 2016.

Post 1: Music Teacher, 3 day fixed term contract, would consider 2 days only. 

This is an exciting opportunity for an outstanding musician and inspirational class teacher to lead, develop and teach music across the whole primary age range.

Post 2: Teacher (Interventions),3 day fixed term contract.. 

Teacher required who has experience of raising attainment in these core areas, who can demonstrate a positive impact on learning.

Candidates for Post 1 will:

have experience as an exceptional all round music education teacher
possess the musical skills to lead a choir and to arrange musical performances within the local community as well as entering the school choir in various musical competitions
have the ability to adapt lessons to the children's needs and ability
have a knowledge and understanding of behaviour strategies and inclusion.
have high expectations of behaviour and achievement
Candidates for Post 2 will:

teach small groups of targeted students literacy and numeracy, adapting resources to ensure all students are able to make progress within this group
assess, monitor, record and report on the learning needs, progress and achievements of assigned students
adapt resources for personalised in class support of students in other key lessons
use their experience and creativity to ensure all children show an improvement
We can offer you:

Children who are lively, polite and enthusiastic about their learning.
A dedicated, friendly staff team.
A commitment to your professional development
Prospective applicants are actively encouraged to visit the school by prior arrangement please contact the school office on 01274 664864 to arrange a convenient time.

Interested candidates are requested to apply online for these posts, to download the job details and apply - please visit our website via the button below.

Closing date: 12 noon Monday 16th May 2016

Interviews: Friday 20th May 2016 

Carrwood Primary School is committed to safeguarding and promoting the welfare of children and all posts are subject to an enhanced DBS check