Logistics Specialist
About the Job
SUMMARY:

 
SNF Holding Company is currently seeking a Logistics Specialist for our Logistic Department. The Logistics Specialist is responsible for the planning and execution of SNF's Logistic Processes in the business areas of Enhanced Oil Recovery, Oil Sands, Fracking, Municipal, Trans-loading, Import-Export, and inventory management. 
 
 
RESPONSIBILITIES:
 

 Collaborate with Sales and Manufacturing to provide inventory management for Third Party and satellite SNF facilities with the goal to minimize logistical cost and meet customer needs.
 

 Plan, monitor, and manage consignment inventories in the US, Canada, and Jamaica. Others locations as assigned.
 

 Assist in carrier management through evaluating, qualifying, maintaining, and expanding relationships with prospective carriers and other logistics providers.
 

 Deal directly with service providers to ensure accurate documentation and prompt resolution of complaints and related damages.
 

 Update and maintain contract management systems (Routing & Rating) for accurate pricing.
 

 Audit and approve provider invoices for accuracy and assignment.
 

 Conduct analysis on work procedures and recommend changes to improve the effectiveness and efficiency of the department's current guidelines and workflow.
 

 Request and secure carrier pricing for new lanes, prospective business, and renegotiations as assigned.
 
 


 Provide back-up to other Logistics Positions as required.
 
 


Job Requirements:
Bachelor's Degree required in Logistics or Business. (Or may consider commensurate work experience).
 
2 - 5 years Logistics or Customer Service (with some Logistics) is required.
 
Demonstrated knowledge of Multi-modal Transportation required.
 
Must be proficient in the use of PC's: Microsoft Office and Internet.
 
Industry related experience in carrier dispatching, scheduling, and problem resolution.
 
Effective time management skills.
 
Strong interpersonal and communication skills (verbal & written).
 
Able to work well under pressure in a team environment.
 
Must be well organized, accuracy, efficiency, pay attention to detail, analytic, strategic planning, adaptability, and determination.
 
Ability to address issues, follow up, and implement solutions as required.
 
 
 
BENEFITS:
 

 Competitive Salary
 

 Medical Benefits
 

 Dental Benefits
 

 Vision Benefits
 

 Flexible Spending Accounts
 

 401(k) Savings Plan
 

 Vacation Days
 

 Sick Days
 

 Paid Holidays
 

 Life Insurance
 

 Short-Term Disability
 

 Long-Term Disability
 

 Tuition Reimbursement
 

 Employee Development & Training
 
