Description: Homesite Group Incorporated is a rapidly growing national insurance company seeking a full-time Tax Accountant to assist Management with statutory and regulatory tax compliance, coordinating activities with internal and external entities, and respond proactively to the company's tax needs. The Tax Accountant will work with a variety of tax resources, including Insource, eForms, Premium Pro, RIA and supplementary research materials. The ideal candidate is a resourceful problem solver with strong analytical and technical skills. Also, the ideal candidate has professional written and oral communication skills. Responsibilities will include: 1. Preparation of annual state and federal corporate tax returns 2. Quarterly and annual tax compliance, including sales and use tax, payroll tax and state and local filing responsibilities 3. Regular payroll and tax journal entries 4. Quarterly and annual GAAP and statutory footnote calculations 5. Deferred Tax Asset calculations 6. Corporate tax planning and research 7. Tax and related business registrations 8. Respond to internal and external tax requests 9. Maintain tax records and supporting materials 10. Payroll, depreciation and tax-related account reconciliations 11. Monitor and express developments in industry and field 12. Skill and knowledge development through continuing education 13. Analyze tax tools and procedures for time and cost efficiency 14. Other responsibilities as assigned Requirements: 1. Bachelor's degree in Accounting or related field 2. Microsoft Office Excel and Word proficiency 3. Corporate tax or financial reporting experience Preferred qualifications: 1. Master's Degree in Tax or Accounting 2. JD, CPA or CPA candidate 3. Sarbanes-Oxley experience 4. Payroll or financial reporting experience 5. Tax research experience 6. Experience with ADP, Freedom, Best, Insource or Premium Pro Interested candidates please email your resume to jobs@homesite.com Contact:99 Bedford StreetWinston, MA 02111
