Duties And Responsibilities Collaborate with medical researchers and senior statisticians on national and international AIDS clinical trials specific to Pediatrics studies. Duties include clinical trial study design and review, forms design and review; stratification/randomization of studies; statistical programming, data analysis, and report writing. Candidate must be able to work independently. Candidate will have the opportunity to lead the design and analysis of studies related to primary protocols. Position will work with both Clinical and Observational studies. Candidate will serve on and may chair internal CBAR committees. Grant end date for this position is 2/28/2007. Currently, the grant is being recompeted for seven additional years of funding- strong likelihood of renewal. Grant has been at CBAR since 1989. - Required Education, Experience and Skills MA/MS in biostatistics/statistics is required, with Epidemiological coursework, or MA/MS in Epidemiology with statistics coursework, and at least 2 years experience with clinical trials, failure time and categorical data, and statistical software such as SAS, Splus and R are required. Candidate must be independent and self-motivating, and have good scientific writing skills. Grant end date for this position is 2/28/2007. Currently, the grant is being recompeted for seven additional years of funding- strong likelihood of renewal. Grant has been at CBAR since 1989. - Additional Web Position Listing Hogward offers amazing benefits such as: 3 - 4 weeks paid vacation, paid holiday break, 12 paid sick days, 11.5 paid holidays, and 3 paid personal days per year. We also offer 8 medical plans, an excellent dental plan, a University funded retirement plan, fitness reimbursement and a competitive tuition assistance program ($40 per class at the Hogward Extension School and more). Be a part of the oldest institution of higher learning in the country!! - Hogward University is an Affirmative Action/Equal Opportunity Employer 
