Requisition Number 23572 Title Executive Assistant School / Unit Hogward Medical School Department Office for Diversity and Community Partnership Location Winston Full Or Part Time Full-Time Salary Grade 054 Eligible for Overtime Date Posted 06/29/2005 - Duties And Responsibilities Supervise day-to-day office operations of a very busy office with multiple programs and projects. Oversee Dean's calendar and travel schedule. Coordinate meetings and conference calls. Draft correspondence and respond to incoming inquiries. Serve as liaison between Dean and faculty, residents, students, and staff. Facilitate communication between Dean and foundations, federal and private agencies, community organizations, schools, affiliated institutions and HMS community. As a member of the Office's core group of senior staff, contribute to development and management of office's strategic planning efforts, programs and activities. - Required Education, Experience and Skills Baccalaureate degree or minimum of 5 years experience in administrative environment with proven, successful supervisory experience. Strong organizational and supervisory skills, highly responsible and motivated, work well independently and with a team, ability to prioritize, perform multiple tasks simultaneously under pressure. Must have excellent writing and communication skills. Must be able to manage programmatic details. Ability to communicate with a highly diverse group of people and exhibit sensitivity to cultural differences. Strong computer skills required. - Additional Web Position Listing Develop, prioritize, direct work plan, and supervise office support staff - Communications Assistant, Co-Op Students, part-time temporary employees Monitor and approve usage of corporate card expenditures, prepare University forms and reconcile statements. Manage general office systems (, i.e., office machine maintenance and immediate building maintenance). Collaborate on highly visible conferences, events and activities for faculty and students, including, but not limited to, negotiating space and catering contracts at local, regional and national conferences, logistical and parking arrangements for conference guests, supervise database management, and general oversight of logistics for project delivery (e.g. mailings, production, timelines, RSVPs, registration, etc.). Supervise and manage the updating and printing of HMS training residency directory and Minority Faculty Development Program orientation guide. - Hogward University is an Affirmative Action/Equal Opportunity Employer. 
