Summary:Manages the development of analysis and plans to assist senior management in making decisions that impact overall company strategy. Manages new, national business development efforts for ACME Corporation, and collaborates on joint initiatives and deals with Xcom and Ycom. Key Responsibilities: Strategy
 Analyzes key measures for existing businesses, and develops and refines current business's models. 
 Identifies and communicates trends in the online industry, including changes and developments in relevant areas of the value chain, current business positions as well as recommendations for activities to capitalize on marketplace opportunities. 
 Leads the quarterly process of assessing the organization's strategic plan and preparation of the presentation to ACME Corporation's executive team. Business Development:
 Communicates to all operations about range of business development activities across the organization and works with all operations to facilitate deal making across the entire online organization. 
 Researches and analyzes market and investment/acquisition opportunities and makes recommendations for new initiatives and third-party alliances related to new business ventures, technologies and investment opportunities. 
 Identifies business opportunities, conducts strategic and competitive analysis and writes business plans for new initiatives. 
 Identifies, contacts and evaluates potential partners. Directs managers and associates in performing financial analysis and due diligence of new business opportunities, facilitating legal reviews and then structuring, negotiating and closing of new business deals. 
 Manages arrangements and shepherds them to execution team. Follows industry developments and informs management about strategic changes/movements in certain industry sectors. 
 Makes recommendations about future business development related to these changes. Requirements:
 Candidate must have a minimum of 5 years of business management experience, including a minimum of 2 years experience in the Internet industry with functional experience in strategic planning, financial and business analysis. 
 Bachelor's degree and MBA required.
 Strong written and verbal communication skills, including presentation skills
 Excellent organizing skills
 An ability to see the big picture while managing the details
 Relationship building and management. A collaborator.
 A demonstrated interest and understanding of the Internet industry 
