Game Tester
About the Job
Description: An individual contributor that executes test plans on pre-release versions of software to detect and record product defects. Conducts compliance testing to ensure software meets regulatory and/or performance standards or requirements. Tests software for reliability, consistency, absence of product defects and compliance. Compiles lists of defects or design / compliance issues found during testing. Assists in preparing bug reports. Assists in reporting compliance issues to designated manager. 
 
EXPERIENCE: TYPICALLY HAS 1 TO 3 YEARS OF RELEVANT EXPERIENCE.
 
Supervision of Others

 Minimal supervision of others (unless to coordinate joint testing of shared features)

 May involve coordination of offshore resources
Scope of Work

 Act as Feature Test Owner

 May act as POC for development pod on a large team (Poker) or POC for a small game team (Looney Tunes Dash)
 Accountability/Impact

 Contributes to successful completion of projects

 Identifies areas for test team process improvements and proposes solutions

 Owns testing on one or more features

 Provides guidance and training to other team members on owned features

 Provides accurate estimates and works with team lead and manager to build project plan

 Communicates feature status with team lead and stakeholders
Skill Area: Testing

 Executes test scripts (manual or automated)

 Investigates failures to determine root cause

 Opens bugs as appropriate for failures

 Performs validation testing on resolved issues

 Gives feedback on games (fun, balance, difficulty, etc.)

 Executes existing test plans

 Creates test plans for individual features

 Performs exploratory testing using given guidelines

 Understands the use of different types of functional testing (smoke, regression, exploratory, integration, etc.)

 Estimates effort required to test a feature

 Mitigates risk of feature readiness by identifying additional test support (e.g., admin tools, environment setup, backend work)

 Critically analyzes feature risks and identifies testing to mitigate them
Skill Area: Communication

 Gives feedback to studio on qualitative issues (ex. game balance, fun, effectiveness of tutorials, etc.)

 All feedback and defect reports contain clear and concise repro steps, screenshots, and other important information

 Maintains and updates feature artifacts

 Tracks metrics for owned features and pod

 Maintains and updates feature test plans

 Has productive verbal and written conversations with feature owners (engineers, PMs, producers, etc.)
Skill Area: Test Design

 Creates test plans for stand-alone features
Skill Area: Technical Knowledge

 Understands how software and computers work

 Learns new technologies as needed

 Reads error logs, determines root causes, and performs basic troubleshooting

 Possesses basic understanding of mobile submission testing (i.e., devices, OS, build upload, provisioning)
Skill Area: Leadership

 Provides direction to vendors and test analysts on owned features

 Suggests test team process improvements to make testing more efficient and/or effective
Requirements:

 SCOPE: Applies acquired job skills to implement assigned tasks of work group / team. 

 ROLE IN STRATEGY / PLANNING: Supports the attainment of some short-term outcomes of assigned unit / team. 

 KNOWLEDGE / PROBLEM SOLVING: Carries out routine tasks and procedures. Regularly uses independent judgement within defined procedures. 

 NEGOTIATIONS / INTERACTIONS: Interacts with peers, to share routine information. 

 ASSIGNMENT OF WORK: Receives work in the form of short-term assignments with processes outlined. 

 OVERSIGHT RECEIVED: Operates within the context of defined procedures. 
 
EXPERIENCE: Typically has 1 to 3 years of experience.