Xcom, a top ten Web property that is part of ACME Corporation, is actively seeking Client Services Campaign Specialist (Post-Sale).Key Responsibilities:Post-sale role. Works with Marketing, Product, and the Sales in pre-sale phase to be on the same page, but responsibilities kick in post-sale. Coordination with the Sales Product Manager to ensure full and timely delivery of all elements to be produced by the product group. Person will be technical enough to identify the various items and prevent problems and slowdowns before they happen. Retrieve creative from the client and work with the traffic team for implementation. Will work with appropriate contacts in Ad Operations and Production at other properties like ACME Corporation, if applicable. Post-launch will monitor delivery against contract. Will analyze performance against client goals and make optimization suggestions to client. Will have weekly calls with client to discuss campaign progress and supply supporting reports. Will work with Finance on campaign analysis. Template may be set up but the BDAM will be responsible for filling out reports with data from various sources. Skillset and Experience: Three years of online account experience. Bachelor's degree or equivalent. Intermediate Excel skills. Campaign management for large clients. Ability to analyze performance reports and make appropriate optimizations. Understanding of web technology. DART or equivalent adserver experience. SOS or equivalent campaign management system experience. Atlas DMT or equivalent third-party adserver experience. Poised and articulate; able to communicate effectively during phone, email and in-person meetings with clients. Attention to detail; sense of urgency; passion to drive revenue. Founded in 1997, Xcom was acquired in March 2005 by ACME Corporation. Xcom is located in New Town City and offers an exciting and informal atmosphere, health/vision/dental, gym membership discount, 401(k) with a company match, employee stock purchase plan and tuition reimbursement.
