Description: This position reports to the Executive Director of Development and is accountable for providing in-depth research and regular updates for those prospects assigned to the President, Vice President and members of the National Council on Philanthropy. Focus of this research will be on establishing capacity for these prospects and for identifying key relationships and interests of these individuals that lead to successful cultivation and solicitation strategies and outcomes. The Director will be considered a member of the leadership team in the Development Office and will play a key role in helping staff and volunteers as well as the Vice President and President, and will participate in developing cultivation and solicitation strategies. This is a full-time position with excellent benefits. The hiring salary range is $46,318 - $54,492. Primary responsibilities include, but are not limited to, the following: * Develop and maintain a high-capacity prospect pool through proactive research, prospect referral, rating and screening activities; determine research and prospect management goals in conjunction with the Vice President; and establish effective procedures, criteria, and research techniques. * Develop and oversee a system of tracking for all prospect cultivation and solicitation, and volunteer recruitment by the President, Vice President, Development staff and volunteers that will ensure timely execution of developed strategies. * Participate in prospect strategy meetings with the Vice President, Development staff and volunteers, when appropriate, providing research results to assist in creating strategies. * Effectively motivate and supervise assigned staff to work as a team in meeting division goals, and ensuring that supervisory practices are in compliance with the spirit and intent of the University's policy on diversity and EEO/AA guidelines. * Perform related responsibilities as assigned. Qualifications: This position is best served by an individual with the minimum of an undergraduate degree, advanced degree preferred. Significant prospect research experience in a development program, preferably in a campaign setting, which demonstrates success in identifying significant financial support from individuals and organizations and management of complex campaign support systems. Strong organizational, writing, communication and management skills are crucial to establish effective working relationships with staff and volunteers, and to develop effective proposals and materials. Certain requirements are subject to possible modification to reasonably accommodate persons with disabilities. Application Process: Interested persons should submit a cover letter and resume, or employment application, to the Human Resources Office-NBG, Position #472, Bryant University, 1150 Douglas Pike, Smithfield, RI 02917-1284 or e-mail to humanresources@bryant.edu (Word or PDF attachments accepted). Bryant University is an EEO/AA employer and an institution committed to diversifying its staff. Contact:Human Resources1150 Douglas PikeSmithfield, RI 02917Phone: 401-232-6010Fax: 401-232-6971
