Affiliate Name: Brigham & Women's HospitalJob Title: DATA ANALYST Req #: part-00017314 Job Category: Information Systems Department: BWH PHYSICIAN SERVICES Location: Brookline MA Shift: Days Hours/Week: 40 Job Type: Regular Employment Type: Full Time Date Posted/Modified: Wed Oct 05 12:17:55 EDT 2005 Responsibilities:GENERAL SUMMARY/OVERVIEW STATEMENTAs an integral member of the Physician Services Provider Database Team, the Data Analyst's major responsibilities include: maintenance and support of MS Access based provider credentialing and third party payor database (MSO); comprehensive project management; analysis and organization of qualitative and quantitative clinical, financial, and administrative data; coordinating a variety of complex and confidential special projects.PRINCIPAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIESSystem Maintenance1. Assists with design of queries and reports in MS Access (MSO) to support credentialing and third party payor enrollment.2. Assists with development of systems for data management, analysis, and security.3. System documentation.4. Maintain and update user manuals and security profiles.5. Identification of system deficiencies and development of system enhancements.6. Assist in training of system users, including the identification of contacts throughout Information Systems, Accounts Receivable, and other areas of the hospital.7. Assists with maintenance of financial reports to measure the Provider Database Team's impact on Accounts Receivable queues and increases in patient revenue.8. In conjunction with Partners Information Systems, develops systems to acquire necessary data from hospital databases.9. Assists with future upgrades and helps forecast customizations that may be needed.10. Assists with development and maintenance of various exports from MSO.Data Management1. Works with the Data Administrator on the development of data entry design and protocols, considering information to be collected, sources of data, entry methodology, and flow of information timetables. Maintain linkage with vital statistics databases.2. Conducts daily database management and analysis including tracking, collection, and transfer among sites, uploading/downloading between network and personal computer, and data cleaning. 3. Identifies, investigates, and resolves data anomalies and discrepancies.4. Consults with users in the design, development, and implementation of analysis techniques. Provides consultation in all aspects of analysis techniques and computer use. Participates in the interpretation and explanation of analysis results.5. Receives, prioritizes, and responds to ad hoc requests for data and reports.6. Designs and implements production of ad hoc and routine reports for specific users. Reviews output, writes summary data, and distributes, as appropriate.7. Works with the Data Administrator to systematically evaluate the technology needs associated with the credentialing program and recommends necessary computer hardware and software. Assists with and/or coordinates the installation of new products.8. Consults with staff users to identify and prioritize computing needs of the department. Conducts needs assessment; balances needs with system capabilities and limitations. Allocates and selects hardware and software for each project and application.9. Works on the Provider Database Team in developing strategies to incorporate and align departmental processes with relevant regulatory requirements including JCAHO, NCQA, and State requirements.10. Organizes from existing hospital databases a system of benchmarking for the referring provider data accuracy and works to improve strategies for the data capture and update processes.11. Other duties as assigned.Requirements:QUALIFICATIONS1. Bachelors degree required2. A minimum of three years of work experience in a healthcare environment required3. A minimum of three years of data management/information systems experience required.4. Proficiency with Microsoft Access, including table relationships, complex queries, reports, forms, and importing and exporting data from various sources.5. Experience with Microsoft Windows, Word, Outlook, and Excel.6. Knowledge of IDX, PeopleSoft, or BICS helpful. 7. Experience with healthcare third party billing a plus.SKILLS AND ABILITIES REQUIRED1. Ability to manipulate, organize and interpret large data sets. 2. Experience interpreting and displaying data for diverse audiences.3. Ability to work effectively in a team environment. 4. Ability to communicate effectively with a wide range of departments, medical staff and individuals at all levels within the institution. 5. Exceptional judgment and discretion in interacting with physicians and senior management on sensitive political and confidential issues.6. Excellent proven written and verbal communication skills.7. Strong project management skills including development of project parameters, goals, and time lines.8. Ability to function effectively within a changing environment and meet deadlines.9. Creative, self-motivated - possesses judgment and ability to plan and initiate new activities.10. Knowledge and application of statistical analyses including financial variance. The above statements are intended to describe the general nature and level of work being performed by people assigned to this classification. They are not intended to be construed as an exhaustive list of all responsibilities, duties and skill required of personnel so classified. 
