Waiter / Waitress (Lake Tahoe Cruises) - Zephyr Cove - Lake Tahoe

Apply Online
About Aramark 
Aramark (NYSE: ARMK) is in the customer service business across food, facilities and uniforms, wherever people work, learn, recover, and play. United by a passion to serve, our more than 270,000 employees deliver experiences that enrich and nourish the lives of millions of people in 22 countries around the world every day. Aramark is recognized among the Most Admired Companies by FORTUNE and the World's Most Ethical Companies by the Ethisphere Institute. Learn more at www.aramark.com or connect with us on Facebook and Twitter.

Responsibilities

Job Summary: This position is responsible for providing the highest level of food and beverage service in accordance with Aramark standards. Serves food and beverages to 20-30 guests at a time. Clears and re-sets tables quickly and efficiently. Practices "aggressive hospitality" and shows professionalism with guests, co-workers, and management. This position is for a waiter/waitress on Lake Tahoe cruises
 
Essential Tasks & Responsibilities:
Reports to property on time and in proper uniform.
Checks with Manager for assigned dining room station, opening side work, and closing side work duties.
Reports to line-up for review of the day's activities, groups in house, and menus.
Sets-up, organizes, maintains, and closes the restaurant or banquet functions ensuring that areas are stocked and cleaned.
Moves quickly with good balance carrying up to 20 lb. on a tray.
Converses with guests, makes suggestions, and answers questions regarding food and beverages constantly.
Clears and re-sets tables constantly. 
Maintains cleanliness of tables at all times - clearing empty glassware, plates, etc.
Maintains full knowledge of menu items and specials.
Rings all food and beverage items into the Micros computer accurately at all times.
Communicates with guest and co-workers in a friendly and professional manner.
Participates in proper sanitation and food handling procedures.
Maintains full knowledge of service standards.
Follows the Aramark Business Conduct Policy.
Must be T.I.P's certified and follow all rules and guidelines set forth for ensuring responsible beverage service.
Performs all other duties as assigned.

Qualifications

 

At least one-year experience as a food server within a restaurant, hotel, or conference center operation. 
Any related customer service/oriented experience will be considered.
Requires full understanding and knowledge of food and beverage standards.
Ability to comprehend and communicate in fluent English.
Must be of legal age to serve alcohol.
Possess interpersonal skills and an outgoing personality.
Ability to move quickly while balancing large and small trays of food and drinks to and from service areas.