An exciting opportunity to join a rapidly expanding luxury lifestyle company. The role will be responsible for driving the company to deliver its strategic and operational goals. As well as planning, directing and coordinating operations to improve productivity and efficiency, they will lead in managing existing ones as well as acquiring new customers through product development.

Reporting to: Managing Director

Purpose of the Job:

Conduct day-to-day administration and operations under the direction of the MD. This responsibility will include (but not limited to) administrative tasks, recruitment, strategy planning, developing and managing new contacts, project planning and representing the company both in and out of the office.
In conjunction with other members of staff oversee existing business as well as business growth through directing and managing business operations.
Actively seek out potential new partners by discovering and exploring new opportunities.
Identify the latest trends by researching the industry and related events, publications, and announcements;
Track competitors and their accomplishments.
Duties & responsibilities:

Operational management:

Responsible for the day-to-day running of the company and administrative issues.
Assist in project co-ordination, logistics, procurement of resources and management.
Improve key operational systems, processes and policies - specifically, support better management reporting, information flow, business processes and organisational planning.
With the support of the Office Manager, manage and increase the effectiveness and efficiency of Support Services (HR, IT)
Play a significant role in long-term planning, including an initiative geared toward operational excellence.
Manage and allocate the marketing budget
Review and develop quarterly/yearly targets
Monitor performance and implement changes based on customer feedback.
Desirable: Business development

Development of marketing and sales strategies to increase the company's visibility in current and new markets.
Development of strategies and business for the company by building corporate relationships with customers and the industry/market leaders.
Play a key role in company initiatives for developing new projects for future use
The ideal Candidate should have:

Minimum 6 years of Operations experience, preferably with relevant experience in the luxury lifestyle industry
Excellent communication skills, confident, good presentation and negotiation skills
Strong client relationship management and development aptitude.
Market research experience
Outstanding needs analysis
Superior presentation and excellent oral and written communication skills
High commercial acumen and a record of confidence dealing with middle managers through to decision makers
Excellent interpersonal skills and a collaborative management style.
A demonstrated commitment to high professional ethical standards and a diverse workplace
Excellent people manager, open to direction and collaborative work style and commitment to get the job done
Ability to challenge and debate issues of importance to the organisation.