Primary Role Title:Accountant Date Listed:24-Aug-2005 Work Location:Waltham * Massachusetts * USA Special Considerations:Relocation Assistance Not Available. Essential Functions:Computer Sciences Corporation, one of the world's leading information technology services providers, helps organizations achieve business results through the adroit use of technology. Since its formation in 1959, CSC has earned a customer-centric reputation for developing and managing solutions specifically tailored to each client's needs. Due to continued growth, CSC Consulting Group is currently seeking Revenue Accountants for its corp location. The Revenue Accountant will manage CSC projects specific to a group of Business Units and the resulting impacts to the Revenue and Cost sections of the Income Statement. The Accountant will support special project requests from management team. Additional responsibilities include: Generate revenue Issue invoices ? timely and accurate and approved by project team Run and analyze weekly reports Prepare monthly journal entries Enter, adjust, and reconcile revenue using SAP and/or Oracle Financial Accounting Monitor Unbilled activity Comply with sales tax requirements related to invoicing Provide support to Business Unit Management relative to Project data Educate project management about project accounting responsibilities Interact with Accounting Management team to address P&L review issues Run project specific reports using some sort of reporting tools Interact with other CSC Divisions around Intercompany Work Orders Others duties as assigned Essential Knowledge:Must have understanding of project needs, contract requirements, bill rates and travel policies Demonstrate knowledge of accounting concepts Meet deadlines Well organized and thorough in work assignments Detail oriented and customer service focused Able to multi-task Must demonstrate good judgment, initiative and tact Portray a professional attitude and image, be a team player and be dependable Learn quickly and work well under pressure Able to handle confidential material appropriately Essential Education:Degree in Accounting - Preferred Essential Skills:Proficient in Excel Prior Accounting Application experience SAP Financial Systems ? Billing Module, Controlling Module Oracle Financial Systems ? Project Accounting Module ? Rolling off Business Objects ? Reporting Tool and other Microsoft Excel Lotus Notes Good communication Strong interpersonal skills Organizational "Fit" Considerations:Must be willing to work overtime as needed
