The project manager is responsible for leading the development of online software products for ACME Corporation Digital from planning stages through execution and follow-up. Responsibilities1. Manage the communication of functional teams, including Sales, Marketing, Editorial, IT, Business Development and Product Development, toward the successful delivery of approved projects. 2. Create required deliverables for all project lifecycle phases, including requirements analysis, specification, cost and resource estimating, project planning and scheduling, implementation, rollout and maintenance.3. Track project progress and report status on a regular basis to the organization.4. Oversee smooth operation of important site products and act as liaison between IT and the rest of ACD for bugs, enhancement requests and ongoing needs in these areas. 5. Manage relationships with vendors, partners, ASPs and clients. Ensure compatibility between third party products and the Web site by gathering the necessary data and/or developing the necessary test scenarios. 6. Keep up to date with latest technologies and competitive products and services and evaluate their application and/or challenge to our current or proposed products. Propose new products that embrace the business goals of the company. Requirements1. Two to three years experience in leading mid- to large-scale Web development projects. Experience at content sites preferred.2. Strong written and interpersonal communication skills including the ability to communicate between technical and nontechnical personnel. BS/BA degree preferred.3. Ability to conscientiously manage and follow up on multiple concurrent tasks, requests and projects on tight deadlines. Strong organizational skills.4. Comfort with Web technologies including, at minimum, knowledge of HTML. Ability to assimilate knowledge of ACD technical systems in order to manage requirements and facilitate communication on projects. Other past technical experience preferred but not required. 5. Ability to act as a leader on projects to drive team progress and take ownership of complex efforts. Ability to mediate between competing interests and personalities. Ability to suggest solutions, facilitate development and act decisively when necessary to advance a project.6. Familiarity with project management procedures and methodology, especially requirements management and schedule management. Experience with RUP and iterative development a plus.ACD offers a range of job opportunities, from sales and research to business development and customer service. We hire editors, producers, Web designers, systems professionals and quality assurance engineers. We look for people who know online advertising to people who can develop compelling multimedia packages.We offer a highly competitive salary and an impressive array of benefits, including: comprehensive health coverage, 401(k) plan, employee stock purchase plan, tuition assistance, and a bonus plan.
