Data Analyst Level II and Level III
About the Job
The Opportunity: Data Analysts Level II & III - Tulsa, OK 
 
Enduro Pipeline Services, Inc. is a leader in the Pipeline Inspection Industry providing integrity solutions for the pipeline community in North America.
 
Our specialty services include advanced intelligent in line inspection MFL services incorporating multiple K4 high-definition technology based tools, caliper surveys, GIS solutions and various pipeline cleaning tools. As a result of our continued growth and commitment to research and development we have the desire to expand our Operations and Engineering capacity in Tulsa, OK.
 
Position Summary
 
 As a customer focused role, these positions require attention to detail analysis of Inline inspection tool outputs utilizing proprietary analysis software tools in interpolating and evaluating signal responses from the various inspection tool technologies. Following analysis, interpretation and assessment of the pipeline inspection data you would prepare a customer final report and continued customer interaction support services. Excellent interpersonal skills and a high degree of computer literacy are required. Opportunity for a team leader with extensive analysis experience and management skills is available.
 
Roles & Responsibilities
 
Team Leader to manage the data analysis department, providing technical knowledge, scheduling and customer liaison responsibilities.
Analysis, interpretation and assessment of In-Line inspection data utilizing proprietary software tools.
Development of inspection reports to customer requirements.
Support operations in data verification process.
Qualifications / Requirements

Post secondary degree for Team Leader with minimum 5 years management experience.
Previous ILI experience in data analysis would be an asset.
Strong analytical and interpretation skills including computer literacy.
Minimum API 1163 level II or III qualification.
Self motivated team player, focused on timely delivery and quality.
We thank all applicants for their interest; however, only those selected for an interview will be contacted.